UPGRADE-v3.md, before:

UPGRADE GUIDE FROM 2.x to 3.0
=============================

This is guide for upgrade from version 2.x to 3.0 for using the CLI tool.

CLI options
-----------

| 2.x             | 3.0             | Description                                     | Note                                   |
| --------------- | --------------- | ----------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------- |
| --diff-format   | --diff-format   | Type of differ                                  | Allowed value `sbd` was removed,       |
|                 |                 |                                                 | new default is `udiff`                 |

Changes to rules
----------------

### Renamed rules

Old name | New name | Note
-------- | -------- | ----
`blank_line_before_return`                      | `blank_line_before_statement`                 | use configuration `['statements' => ['return']]`
`hash_to_slash_comment`                         | `single_line_comment_style`                   | use configuration `['comment_types' => ['hash']]`
`method_separation`                             | `class_attributes_separation`                 | use configuration `['elements' => ['method']]`
`no_extra_consecutive_blank_lines`              | `no_extra_blank_lines`                        |
`pre_increment`                                 | `increment_style`                             | use configuration `['style' => 'pre']`

### Removed rootless configuration

Rule                                 | Root option    | Note
------------------------------------ | -------------- | ----
`general_phpdoc_annotation_remove`   | `annotations`
`no_extra_consecutive_blank_lines`   | `tokens`
`no_spaces_around_offset`            | `positions`
`no_unneeded_control_parentheses`    | `statements`
`ordered_class_elements`             | `order`
`php_unit_construct`                 | `assertions`
`php_unit_dedicate_assert`           | `target`       | root option works differently than rootless configuration
`php_unit_strict`                    | `assertions`
`phpdoc_no_alias_tag`                | `replacements`
`phpdoc_return_self_reference`       | `replacements`
`random_api_migration`               | `replacements`
`single_class_element_per_statement` | `elements`
`visibility_required`                | `elements`

### Changed options

Rule | Option | Change
---- | ------ | ------
`binary_operator_spaces`           | `align_double_arrow` | option was removed, use `operators` instead
`binary_operator_spaces`           | `align_equals`       | option was removed use `operators` instead
`doctrine_annotation_spaces`       | `around_argument_assignments` | option was removed, use `before_argument_assignments` and `after_argument_assignments` instead
`doctrine_annotation_spaces`       | `around_array_assignments`    | option was removed, use `after_array_assignments_colon`, `after_array_assignments_equals`, `before_array_assignments_colon` and `before_array_assignments_equals` instead
`is_null`                          | `use_yoda_style` | option was removed, use `yoda_style` rule instead
`no_extra_consecutive_blank_lines` | `tokens`    | one of possible values, `useTrait`, was renamed to `use_trait`
`php_unit_dedicate_assert`         | `functions` | option was removed, use `target` instead

Commit message:

show-progress option: drop run-in and estimating, rename estimating-max to dots

UPGRADE-v3.md, after:

UPGRADE GUIDE FROM 2.x to 3.0
=============================

This is guide for upgrade from version 2.x to 3.0 for using the CLI tool.

CLI options
-----------

| 2.x             | 3.0             | Description                                     | Note                                   |
| --------------- | --------------- | ----------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------- |
| --diff-format   | --diff-format   | Type of differ                                  | Allowed value `sbd` was removed,       |
|                 |                 |                                                 | new default is `udiff`                 |
| --show-progress | --show-progress | Type of progress indicator                      | Allowed values were modified:          |
|                 |                 |                                                 | `run-in` and `estimating` was removed, |
|                 |                 |                                                 | `estimating-max` was removed to `dots` |

Changes to rules
----------------

### Renamed rules

Old name | New name | Note
-------- | -------- | ----
`blank_line_before_return`                      | `blank_line_before_statement`                 | use configuration `['statements' => ['return']]`
`hash_to_slash_comment`                         | `single_line_comment_style`                   | use configuration `['comment_types' => ['hash']]`
`method_separation`                             | `class_attributes_separation`                 | use configuration `['elements' => ['method']]`
`no_extra_consecutive_blank_lines`              | `no_extra_blank_lines`                        |
`pre_increment`                                 | `increment_style`                             | use configuration `['style' => 'pre']`

### Removed rootless configuration

Rule                                 | Root option    | Note
------------------------------------ | -------------- | ----
`general_phpdoc_annotation_remove`   | `annotations`
`no_extra_consecutive_blank_lines`   | `tokens`
`no_spaces_around_offset`            | `positions`
`no_unneeded_control_parentheses`    | `statements`
`ordered_class_elements`             | `order`
`php_unit_construct`                 | `assertions`
`php_unit_dedicate_assert`           | `target`       | root option works differently than rootless configuration
`php_unit_strict`                    | `assertions`
`phpdoc_no_alias_tag`                | `replacements`
`phpdoc_return_self_reference`       | `replacements`
`random_api_migration`               | `replacements`
`single_class_element_per_statement` | `elements`
`visibility_required`                | `elements`

### Changed options

Rule | Option | Change
---- | ------ | ------
`binary_operator_spaces`           | `align_double_arrow` | option was removed, use `operators` instead
`binary_operator_spaces`           | `align_equals`       | option was removed use `operators` instead
`doctrine_annotation_spaces`       | `around_argument_assignments` | option was removed, use `before_argument_assignments` and `after_argument_assignments` instead
`doctrine_annotation_spaces`       | `around_array_assignments`    | option was removed, use `after_array_assignments_colon`, `after_array_assignments_equals`, `before_array_assignments_colon` and `before_array_assignments_equals` instead
`is_null`                          | `use_yoda_style` | option was removed, use `yoda_style` rule instead
`no_extra_consecutive_blank_lines` | `tokens`    | one of possible values, `useTrait`, was renamed to `use_trait`
`php_unit_dedicate_assert`         | `functions` | option was removed, use `target` instead
