doc/rules/phpdoc/phpdoc_separation.rst, before:

==========================
Rule ``phpdoc_separation``
==========================

Annotations in PHPDoc should be grouped together so that annotations of the same
type immediately follow each other. Annotations of a different type are
separated by a single blank line.

Configuration
-------------

``groups``
~~~~~~~~~~

Sets of annotation types to be grouped together. Use ``*`` to match any tag
character.

Allowed types: ``list<list<string>>``

Default value: ``[['author', 'copyright', 'license'], ['category', 'package', 'subpackage'], ['property', 'property-read', 'property-write'], ['deprecated', 'link', 'see', 'since']]``

``skip_unlisted_annotations``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Whether to skip annotations that are not listed in any group.

Allowed types: ``bool``

Default value: ``false``

Examples
--------

Example #1
~~~~~~~~~~

*Default* configuration.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
    /**
     * Hello there!
     *
     * @author John Doe
   + *
     * @custom Test!
     *
     * @throws Exception|RuntimeException foo
   + *
     * @param string $foo
   + * @param bool   $bar Bar
     *
   - * @param bool   $bar Bar
     * @return int  Return the number of changes.
     */

Example #2
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['groups' => [['deprecated', 'link', 'see', 'since'], ['author', 'copyright', 'license'], ['category', 'package', 'subpackage'], ['property', 'property-read', 'property-write'], ['param', 'return']]]``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
    /**
     * Hello there!
     *
     * @author John Doe
   + *
     * @custom Test!
     *
     * @throws Exception|RuntimeException foo
   + *
     * @param string $foo
   - *
     * @param bool   $bar Bar
     * @return int  Return the number of changes.
     */

Example #3
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['groups' => [['author', 'throws', 'custom'], ['return', 'param']]]``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
    /**
     * Hello there!
     *
     * @author John Doe
     * @custom Test!
   + * @throws Exception|RuntimeException foo
     *
   - * @throws Exception|RuntimeException foo
     * @param string $foo
   - *
     * @param bool   $bar Bar
     * @return int  Return the number of changes.
     */

Example #4
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['groups' => [['ORM\\*'], ['Assert\\*']]]``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
    /**
     * @ORM\Id
   + * @ORM\GeneratedValue
     *
   - * @ORM\GeneratedValue
     * @Assert\NotNull
   - *
     * @Assert\Type("string")
     */

Example #5
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['skip_unlisted_annotations' => true]``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
    /**
     * Hello there!
     *
     * @author John Doe
   + *
     * @custom Test!
     *
     * @throws Exception|RuntimeException foo
     * @param string $foo
   - *
     * @param bool   $bar Bar
     * @return int  Return the number of changes.
     */

Rule sets
---------

The rule is part of the following rule sets:

- `@PhpCsFixer <./../../ruleSets/PhpCsFixer.rst>`_ with config:

  ``['groups' => [['Annotation', 'NamedArgumentConstructor', 'Target'], ['author', 'copyright', 'license'], ['category', 'package', 'subpackage'], ['property', 'property-read', 'property-write'], ['deprecated', 'link', 'see', 'since']], 'skip_unlisted_annotations' => false]``

- `@Symfony <./../../ruleSets/Symfony.rst>`_ with config:

  ``['groups' => [['Annotation', 'NamedArgumentConstructor', 'Target'], ['author', 'copyright', 'license'], ['category', 'package', 'subpackage'], ['property', 'property-read', 'property-write'], ['deprecated', 'link', 'see', 'since']], 'skip_unlisted_annotations' => false]``

References
----------

- Fixer class: `PhpCsFixer\\Fixer\\Phpdoc\\PhpdocSeparationFixer <./../../../src/Fixer/Phpdoc/PhpdocSeparationFixer.php>`_
- Test class: `PhpCsFixer\\Tests\\Fixer\\Phpdoc\\PhpdocSeparationFixerTest <./../../../tests/Fixer/Phpdoc/PhpdocSeparationFixerTest.php>`_

The test class defines officially supported behaviour. Each test case is a part of our backward compatibility promise.

Commit message:

docs: unify rule/ruleset doc tags (#9250)

doc/rules/phpdoc/phpdoc_separation.rst, after:

==========================
Rule ``phpdoc_separation``
==========================

Annotations in PHPDoc should be grouped together so that annotations of the same
type immediately follow each other. Annotations of a different type are
separated by a single blank line.

Warning
-------

This rule is CONFIGURABLE
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can configure this rule using the following options: ``groups``,
``skip_unlisted_annotations``.

Configuration
-------------

``groups``
~~~~~~~~~~

Sets of annotation types to be grouped together. Use ``*`` to match any tag
character.

Allowed types: ``list<list<string>>``

Default value: ``[['author', 'copyright', 'license'], ['category', 'package', 'subpackage'], ['property', 'property-read', 'property-write'], ['deprecated', 'link', 'see', 'since']]``

``skip_unlisted_annotations``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Whether to skip annotations that are not listed in any group.

Allowed types: ``bool``

Default value: ``false``

Examples
--------

Example #1
~~~~~~~~~~

*Default* configuration.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
    /**
     * Hello there!
     *
     * @author John Doe
   + *
     * @custom Test!
     *
     * @throws Exception|RuntimeException foo
   + *
     * @param string $foo
   + * @param bool   $bar Bar
     *
   - * @param bool   $bar Bar
     * @return int  Return the number of changes.
     */

Example #2
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['groups' => [['deprecated', 'link', 'see', 'since'], ['author', 'copyright', 'license'], ['category', 'package', 'subpackage'], ['property', 'property-read', 'property-write'], ['param', 'return']]]``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
    /**
     * Hello there!
     *
     * @author John Doe
   + *
     * @custom Test!
     *
     * @throws Exception|RuntimeException foo
   + *
     * @param string $foo
   - *
     * @param bool   $bar Bar
     * @return int  Return the number of changes.
     */

Example #3
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['groups' => [['author', 'throws', 'custom'], ['return', 'param']]]``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
    /**
     * Hello there!
     *
     * @author John Doe
     * @custom Test!
   + * @throws Exception|RuntimeException foo
     *
   - * @throws Exception|RuntimeException foo
     * @param string $foo
   - *
     * @param bool   $bar Bar
     * @return int  Return the number of changes.
     */

Example #4
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['groups' => [['ORM\\*'], ['Assert\\*']]]``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
    /**
     * @ORM\Id
   + * @ORM\GeneratedValue
     *
   - * @ORM\GeneratedValue
     * @Assert\NotNull
   - *
     * @Assert\Type("string")
     */

Example #5
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['skip_unlisted_annotations' => true]``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
    /**
     * Hello there!
     *
     * @author John Doe
   + *
     * @custom Test!
     *
     * @throws Exception|RuntimeException foo
     * @param string $foo
   - *
     * @param bool   $bar Bar
     * @return int  Return the number of changes.
     */

Rule sets
---------

The rule is part of the following rule sets:

- `@PhpCsFixer <./../../ruleSets/PhpCsFixer.rst>`_ with config:

  ``['groups' => [['Annotation', 'NamedArgumentConstructor', 'Target'], ['author', 'copyright', 'license'], ['category', 'package', 'subpackage'], ['property', 'property-read', 'property-write'], ['deprecated', 'link', 'see', 'since']], 'skip_unlisted_annotations' => false]``

- `@Symfony <./../../ruleSets/Symfony.rst>`_ with config:

  ``['groups' => [['Annotation', 'NamedArgumentConstructor', 'Target'], ['author', 'copyright', 'license'], ['category', 'package', 'subpackage'], ['property', 'property-read', 'property-write'], ['deprecated', 'link', 'see', 'since']], 'skip_unlisted_annotations' => false]``

References
----------

- Fixer class: `PhpCsFixer\\Fixer\\Phpdoc\\PhpdocSeparationFixer <./../../../src/Fixer/Phpdoc/PhpdocSeparationFixer.php>`_
- Test class: `PhpCsFixer\\Tests\\Fixer\\Phpdoc\\PhpdocSeparationFixerTest <./../../../tests/Fixer/Phpdoc/PhpdocSeparationFixerTest.php>`_

The test class defines officially supported behaviour. Each test case is a part of our backward compatibility promise.
