doc/rules/operator/concat_space.rst, before:

=====================
Rule ``concat_space``
=====================

Concatenation should be spaced according to configuration.

Configuration
-------------

``spacing``
~~~~~~~~~~~

Spacing to apply around concatenation operator.

Allowed values: ``'none'`` and ``'one'``

Default value: ``'none'``

Examples
--------

Example #1
~~~~~~~~~~

*Default* configuration.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
   -$foo = 'bar' . 3 . 'baz'.'qux';
   +$foo = 'bar'. 3 .'baz'.'qux';

Example #2
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['spacing' => 'none']``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
   -$foo = 'bar' . 3 . 'baz'.'qux';
   +$foo = 'bar'. 3 .'baz'.'qux';

Example #3
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['spacing' => 'one']``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
   -$foo = 'bar' . 3 . 'baz'.'qux';
   +$foo = 'bar' . 3 . 'baz' . 'qux';

Rule sets
---------

The rule is part of the following rule sets:

- `@PER <./../../ruleSets/PER.rst>`_ *(deprecated)* with config:

  ``['spacing' => 'one']``

- `@PER-CS <./../../ruleSets/PER-CS.rst>`_ with config:

  ``['spacing' => 'one']``

- `@PER-CS2.0 <./../../ruleSets/PER-CS2.0.rst>`_ *(deprecated)* with config:

  ``['spacing' => 'one']``

- `@PER-CS2x0 <./../../ruleSets/PER-CS2x0.rst>`_ with config:

  ``['spacing' => 'one']``

- `@PER-CS3.0 <./../../ruleSets/PER-CS3.0.rst>`_ *(deprecated)* with config:

  ``['spacing' => 'one']``

- `@PER-CS3x0 <./../../ruleSets/PER-CS3x0.rst>`_ with config:

  ``['spacing' => 'one']``

- `@PhpCsFixer <./../../ruleSets/PhpCsFixer.rst>`_
- `@Symfony <./../../ruleSets/Symfony.rst>`_

References
----------

- Fixer class: `PhpCsFixer\\Fixer\\Operator\\ConcatSpaceFixer <./../../../src/Fixer/Operator/ConcatSpaceFixer.php>`_
- Test class: `PhpCsFixer\\Tests\\Fixer\\Operator\\ConcatSpaceFixerTest <./../../../tests/Fixer/Operator/ConcatSpaceFixerTest.php>`_

The test class defines officially supported behaviour. Each test case is a part of our backward compatibility promise.

Commit message:

docs: unify rule/ruleset doc tags (#9250)

doc/rules/operator/concat_space.rst, after:

=====================
Rule ``concat_space``
=====================

Concatenation should be spaced according to configuration.

Warning
-------

This rule is CONFIGURABLE
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can configure this rule using the following option: ``spacing``.

Configuration
-------------

``spacing``
~~~~~~~~~~~

Spacing to apply around concatenation operator.

Allowed values: ``'none'`` and ``'one'``

Default value: ``'none'``

Examples
--------

Example #1
~~~~~~~~~~

*Default* configuration.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
   -$foo = 'bar' . 3 . 'baz'.'qux';
   +$foo = 'bar'. 3 .'baz'.'qux';

Example #2
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['spacing' => 'none']``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
   -$foo = 'bar' . 3 . 'baz'.'qux';
   +$foo = 'bar'. 3 .'baz'.'qux';

Example #3
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['spacing' => 'one']``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
   -$foo = 'bar' . 3 . 'baz'.'qux';
   +$foo = 'bar' . 3 . 'baz' . 'qux';

Rule sets
---------

The rule is part of the following rule sets:

- `@PER <./../../ruleSets/PER.rst>`_ *(deprecated)* with config:

  ``['spacing' => 'one']``

- `@PER-CS <./../../ruleSets/PER-CS.rst>`_ with config:

  ``['spacing' => 'one']``

- `@PER-CS2.0 <./../../ruleSets/PER-CS2.0.rst>`_ *(deprecated)* with config:

  ``['spacing' => 'one']``

- `@PER-CS2x0 <./../../ruleSets/PER-CS2x0.rst>`_ with config:

  ``['spacing' => 'one']``

- `@PER-CS3.0 <./../../ruleSets/PER-CS3.0.rst>`_ *(deprecated)* with config:

  ``['spacing' => 'one']``

- `@PER-CS3x0 <./../../ruleSets/PER-CS3x0.rst>`_ with config:

  ``['spacing' => 'one']``

- `@PhpCsFixer <./../../ruleSets/PhpCsFixer.rst>`_
- `@Symfony <./../../ruleSets/Symfony.rst>`_

References
----------

- Fixer class: `PhpCsFixer\\Fixer\\Operator\\ConcatSpaceFixer <./../../../src/Fixer/Operator/ConcatSpaceFixer.php>`_
- Test class: `PhpCsFixer\\Tests\\Fixer\\Operator\\ConcatSpaceFixerTest <./../../../tests/Fixer/Operator/ConcatSpaceFixerTest.php>`_

The test class defines officially supported behaviour. Each test case is a part of our backward compatibility promise.
