doc/rules/operator/increment_style.rst, before:

========================
Rule ``increment_style``
========================

Pre- or post-increment and decrement operators should be used if possible.

Configuration
-------------

``style``
~~~~~~~~~

Whether to use pre- or post-increment and decrement operators.

Allowed values: ``'post'`` and ``'pre'``

Default value: ``'pre'``

Examples
--------

Example #1
~~~~~~~~~~

*Default* configuration.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
   -$a++;
   -$b--;
   +++$a;
   +--$b;

Example #2
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['style' => 'post']``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
   -++$a;
   ---$b;
   +$a++;
   +$b--;

Rule sets
---------

The rule is part of the following rule sets:

- `@PhpCsFixer <./../../ruleSets/PhpCsFixer.rst>`_
- `@Symfony <./../../ruleSets/Symfony.rst>`_

References
----------

- Fixer class: `PhpCsFixer\\Fixer\\Operator\\IncrementStyleFixer <./../../../src/Fixer/Operator/IncrementStyleFixer.php>`_
- Test class: `PhpCsFixer\\Tests\\Fixer\\Operator\\IncrementStyleFixerTest <./../../../tests/Fixer/Operator/IncrementStyleFixerTest.php>`_

The test class defines officially supported behaviour. Each test case is a part of our backward compatibility promise.

Commit message:

docs: unify rule/ruleset doc tags (#9250)

doc/rules/operator/increment_style.rst, after:

========================
Rule ``increment_style``
========================

Pre- or post-increment and decrement operators should be used if possible.

Warning
-------

This rule is CONFIGURABLE
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can configure this rule using the following option: ``style``.

Configuration
-------------

``style``
~~~~~~~~~

Whether to use pre- or post-increment and decrement operators.

Allowed values: ``'post'`` and ``'pre'``

Default value: ``'pre'``

Examples
--------

Example #1
~~~~~~~~~~

*Default* configuration.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
   -$a++;
   -$b--;
   +++$a;
   +--$b;

Example #2
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['style' => 'post']``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
   -++$a;
   ---$b;
   +$a++;
   +$b--;

Rule sets
---------

The rule is part of the following rule sets:

- `@PhpCsFixer <./../../ruleSets/PhpCsFixer.rst>`_
- `@Symfony <./../../ruleSets/Symfony.rst>`_

References
----------

- Fixer class: `PhpCsFixer\\Fixer\\Operator\\IncrementStyleFixer <./../../../src/Fixer/Operator/IncrementStyleFixer.php>`_
- Test class: `PhpCsFixer\\Tests\\Fixer\\Operator\\IncrementStyleFixerTest <./../../../tests/Fixer/Operator/IncrementStyleFixerTest.php>`_

The test class defines officially supported behaviour. Each test case is a part of our backward compatibility promise.
