doc/rules/operator/new_expression_parentheses.rst, before:

===================================
Rule ``new_expression_parentheses``
===================================

All ``new`` expressions with a further call must (not) be wrapped in
parentheses.

Configuration
-------------

``use_parentheses``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Whether ``new`` expressions with a further call should be wrapped in parentheses
or not.

Allowed types: ``bool``

Default value: ``false``

Examples
--------

Example #1
~~~~~~~~~~

*Default* configuration.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php

   -(new Foo())->bar();
   +new Foo()->bar();

Example #2
~~~~~~~~~~

*Default* configuration.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php

   -(new class {})->bar();
   +new class {}->bar();

Example #3
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['use_parentheses' => true]``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php

   -new Foo()->bar();
   +(new Foo())->bar();

Example #4
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['use_parentheses' => true]``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php

   -new class {}->bar();
   +(new class {})->bar();

Rule sets
---------

The rule is part of the following rule sets:

- `@PHP8x4Migration <./../../ruleSets/PHP8x4Migration.rst>`_
- `@PHP8x5Migration <./../../ruleSets/PHP8x5Migration.rst>`_
- `@PHP84Migration <./../../ruleSets/PHP84Migration.rst>`_ *(deprecated)*
- `@PHP85Migration <./../../ruleSets/PHP85Migration.rst>`_ *(deprecated)*

References
----------

- Fixer class: `PhpCsFixer\\Fixer\\Operator\\NewExpressionParenthesesFixer <./../../../src/Fixer/Operator/NewExpressionParenthesesFixer.php>`_
- Test class: `PhpCsFixer\\Tests\\Fixer\\Operator\\NewExpressionParenthesesFixerTest <./../../../tests/Fixer/Operator/NewExpressionParenthesesFixerTest.php>`_

The test class defines officially supported behaviour. Each test case is a part of our backward compatibility promise.

Commit message:

docs: unify rule/ruleset doc tags (#9250)

doc/rules/operator/new_expression_parentheses.rst, after:

===================================
Rule ``new_expression_parentheses``
===================================

All ``new`` expressions with a further call must (not) be wrapped in
parentheses.

Warning
-------

This rule is CONFIGURABLE
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can configure this rule using the following option: ``use_parentheses``.

Configuration
-------------

``use_parentheses``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Whether ``new`` expressions with a further call should be wrapped in parentheses
or not.

Allowed types: ``bool``

Default value: ``false``

Examples
--------

Example #1
~~~~~~~~~~

*Default* configuration.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php

   -(new Foo())->bar();
   +new Foo()->bar();

Example #2
~~~~~~~~~~

*Default* configuration.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php

   -(new class {})->bar();
   +new class {}->bar();

Example #3
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['use_parentheses' => true]``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php

   -new Foo()->bar();
   +(new Foo())->bar();

Example #4
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['use_parentheses' => true]``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php

   -new class {}->bar();
   +(new class {})->bar();

Rule sets
---------

The rule is part of the following rule sets:

- `@PHP8x4Migration <./../../ruleSets/PHP8x4Migration.rst>`_
- `@PHP8x5Migration <./../../ruleSets/PHP8x5Migration.rst>`_
- `@PHP84Migration <./../../ruleSets/PHP84Migration.rst>`_ *(deprecated)*
- `@PHP85Migration <./../../ruleSets/PHP85Migration.rst>`_ *(deprecated)*

References
----------

- Fixer class: `PhpCsFixer\\Fixer\\Operator\\NewExpressionParenthesesFixer <./../../../src/Fixer/Operator/NewExpressionParenthesesFixer.php>`_
- Test class: `PhpCsFixer\\Tests\\Fixer\\Operator\\NewExpressionParenthesesFixerTest <./../../../tests/Fixer/Operator/NewExpressionParenthesesFixerTest.php>`_

The test class defines officially supported behaviour. Each test case is a part of our backward compatibility promise.
