doc/rules/semicolon/multiline_whitespace_before_semicolons.rst, before:

===============================================
Rule ``multiline_whitespace_before_semicolons``
===============================================

Forbid multi-line whitespace before the closing semicolon or move the semicolon
to the new line for chained calls.

Configuration
-------------

``strategy``
~~~~~~~~~~~~

Forbid multi-line whitespace or move the semicolon to the new line for chained
calls.

Allowed values: ``'new_line_for_chained_calls'`` and ``'no_multi_line'``

Default value: ``'no_multi_line'``

Examples
--------

Example #1
~~~~~~~~~~

*Default* configuration.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
    function foo() {
   -    return 1 + 2
   -        ;
   +    return 1 + 2;
    }

Example #2
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['strategy' => 'new_line_for_chained_calls']``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
    $object->method1()
        ->method2()
   -    ->method(3);
   +    ->method(3)
   +;

Rule sets
---------

The rule is part of the following rule set:

- `@PhpCsFixer <./../../ruleSets/PhpCsFixer.rst>`_ with config:

  ``['strategy' => 'new_line_for_chained_calls']``

References
----------

- Fixer class: `PhpCsFixer\\Fixer\\Semicolon\\MultilineWhitespaceBeforeSemicolonsFixer <./../../../src/Fixer/Semicolon/MultilineWhitespaceBeforeSemicolonsFixer.php>`_
- Test class: `PhpCsFixer\\Tests\\Fixer\\Semicolon\\MultilineWhitespaceBeforeSemicolonsFixerTest <./../../../tests/Fixer/Semicolon/MultilineWhitespaceBeforeSemicolonsFixerTest.php>`_

The test class defines officially supported behaviour. Each test case is a part of our backward compatibility promise.

Commit message:

docs: unify rule/ruleset doc tags (#9250)

doc/rules/semicolon/multiline_whitespace_before_semicolons.rst, after:

===============================================
Rule ``multiline_whitespace_before_semicolons``
===============================================

Forbid multi-line whitespace before the closing semicolon or move the semicolon
to the new line for chained calls.

Warning
-------

This rule is CONFIGURABLE
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can configure this rule using the following option: ``strategy``.

Configuration
-------------

``strategy``
~~~~~~~~~~~~

Forbid multi-line whitespace or move the semicolon to the new line for chained
calls.

Allowed values: ``'new_line_for_chained_calls'`` and ``'no_multi_line'``

Default value: ``'no_multi_line'``

Examples
--------

Example #1
~~~~~~~~~~

*Default* configuration.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
    function foo() {
   -    return 1 + 2
   -        ;
   +    return 1 + 2;
    }

Example #2
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['strategy' => 'new_line_for_chained_calls']``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
    $object->method1()
        ->method2()
   -    ->method(3);
   +    ->method(3)
   +;

Rule sets
---------

The rule is part of the following rule set:

- `@PhpCsFixer <./../../ruleSets/PhpCsFixer.rst>`_ with config:

  ``['strategy' => 'new_line_for_chained_calls']``

References
----------

- Fixer class: `PhpCsFixer\\Fixer\\Semicolon\\MultilineWhitespaceBeforeSemicolonsFixer <./../../../src/Fixer/Semicolon/MultilineWhitespaceBeforeSemicolonsFixer.php>`_
- Test class: `PhpCsFixer\\Tests\\Fixer\\Semicolon\\MultilineWhitespaceBeforeSemicolonsFixerTest <./../../../tests/Fixer/Semicolon/MultilineWhitespaceBeforeSemicolonsFixerTest.php>`_

The test class defines officially supported behaviour. Each test case is a part of our backward compatibility promise.
