doc/rules/semicolon/space_after_semicolon.rst, before:

==============================
Rule ``space_after_semicolon``
==============================

Fix whitespace after a semicolon.

Configuration
-------------

``remove_in_empty_for_expressions``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Whether spaces should be removed for empty ``for`` expressions.

Allowed types: ``bool``

Default value: ``false``

Examples
--------

Example #1
~~~~~~~~~~

*Default* configuration.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
   -sample();     $test = 1;
   -sample();$test = 2;
   -for ( ;;++$sample) {
   +sample(); $test = 1;
   +sample(); $test = 2;
   +for ( ; ; ++$sample) {
    }

Example #2
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['remove_in_empty_for_expressions' => true]``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
   -for ($i = 0; ; ++$i) {
   +for ($i = 0;; ++$i) {
    }

Rule sets
---------

The rule is part of the following rule sets:

- `@PhpCsFixer <./../../ruleSets/PhpCsFixer.rst>`_ with config:

  ``['remove_in_empty_for_expressions' => true]``

- `@Symfony <./../../ruleSets/Symfony.rst>`_ with config:

  ``['remove_in_empty_for_expressions' => true]``

References
----------

- Fixer class: `PhpCsFixer\\Fixer\\Semicolon\\SpaceAfterSemicolonFixer <./../../../src/Fixer/Semicolon/SpaceAfterSemicolonFixer.php>`_
- Test class: `PhpCsFixer\\Tests\\Fixer\\Semicolon\\SpaceAfterSemicolonFixerTest <./../../../tests/Fixer/Semicolon/SpaceAfterSemicolonFixerTest.php>`_

The test class defines officially supported behaviour. Each test case is a part of our backward compatibility promise.

Commit message:

docs: unify rule/ruleset doc tags (#9250)

doc/rules/semicolon/space_after_semicolon.rst, after:

==============================
Rule ``space_after_semicolon``
==============================

Fix whitespace after a semicolon.

Warning
-------

This rule is CONFIGURABLE
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can configure this rule using the following option:
``remove_in_empty_for_expressions``.

Configuration
-------------

``remove_in_empty_for_expressions``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Whether spaces should be removed for empty ``for`` expressions.

Allowed types: ``bool``

Default value: ``false``

Examples
--------

Example #1
~~~~~~~~~~

*Default* configuration.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
   -sample();     $test = 1;
   -sample();$test = 2;
   -for ( ;;++$sample) {
   +sample(); $test = 1;
   +sample(); $test = 2;
   +for ( ; ; ++$sample) {
    }

Example #2
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['remove_in_empty_for_expressions' => true]``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
   -for ($i = 0; ; ++$i) {
   +for ($i = 0;; ++$i) {
    }

Rule sets
---------

The rule is part of the following rule sets:

- `@PhpCsFixer <./../../ruleSets/PhpCsFixer.rst>`_ with config:

  ``['remove_in_empty_for_expressions' => true]``

- `@Symfony <./../../ruleSets/Symfony.rst>`_ with config:

  ``['remove_in_empty_for_expressions' => true]``

References
----------

- Fixer class: `PhpCsFixer\\Fixer\\Semicolon\\SpaceAfterSemicolonFixer <./../../../src/Fixer/Semicolon/SpaceAfterSemicolonFixer.php>`_
- Test class: `PhpCsFixer\\Tests\\Fixer\\Semicolon\\SpaceAfterSemicolonFixerTest <./../../../tests/Fixer/Semicolon/SpaceAfterSemicolonFixerTest.php>`_

The test class defines officially supported behaviour. Each test case is a part of our backward compatibility promise.
