doc/rules/alias/no_alias_functions.rst, before:

===========================
Rule ``no_alias_functions``
===========================

Master functions shall be used instead of aliases.

Warning
-------

Using this rule is risky
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Risky when any of the alias functions are overridden.

Configuration
-------------

``sets``
~~~~~~~~

List of sets to fix. Defined sets are:

* ``@all`` (all listed sets);
* ``@internal`` (native functions);
* ``@exif`` (EXIF functions);
* ``@ftp`` (FTP functions);
* ``@IMAP`` (IMAP functions);
* ``@ldap`` (LDAP functions);
* ``@mbreg`` (from ``ext-mbstring``);
* ``@mysqli`` (mysqli functions);
* ``@oci`` (oci functions);
* ``@odbc`` (odbc functions);
* ``@openssl`` (openssl functions);
* ``@pcntl`` (PCNTL functions);
* ``@pg`` (pg functions);
* ``@posix`` (POSIX functions);
* ``@snmp`` (SNMP functions);
* ``@sodium`` (libsodium functions);
* ``@time`` (time functions).

Allowed values: a subset of ``['@all', '@exif', '@ftp', '@IMAP', '@internal', '@ldap', '@mbreg', '@mysqli', '@oci', '@odbc', '@openssl', '@pcntl', '@pg', '@posix', '@snmp', '@sodium', '@time']``

Default value: ``['@internal', '@IMAP', '@pg']``

Examples
--------

Example #1
~~~~~~~~~~

*Default* configuration.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
   -$a = chop($b);
   -close($b);
   -$a = doubleval($b);
   -$a = fputs($b, $c);
   -$a = get_required_files();
   -ini_alter($b, $c);
   -$a = is_double($b);
   -$a = is_integer($b);
   -$a = is_long($b);
   -$a = is_real($b);
   -$a = is_writeable($b);
   -$a = join($glue, $pieces);
   -$a = key_exists($key, $array);
   -magic_quotes_runtime($new_setting);
   -$a = pos($array);
   -$a = show_source($filename, true);
   -$a = sizeof($b);
   -$a = strchr($haystack, $needle);
   -$a = imap_header($imap_stream, 1);
   -user_error($message);
   +$a = rtrim($b);
   +closedir($b);
   +$a = floatval($b);
   +$a = fwrite($b, $c);
   +$a = get_included_files();
   +ini_set($b, $c);
   +$a = is_float($b);
   +$a = is_int($b);
   +$a = is_int($b);
   +$a = is_float($b);
   +$a = is_writable($b);
   +$a = implode($glue, $pieces);
   +$a = array_key_exists($key, $array);
   +set_magic_quotes_runtime($new_setting);
   +$a = current($array);
   +$a = highlight_file($filename, true);
   +$a = count($b);
   +$a = strstr($haystack, $needle);
   +$a = imap_headerinfo($imap_stream, 1);
   +trigger_error($message);
    mbereg_search_getregs();

Example #2
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['sets' => ['@mbreg']]``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
    $a = is_double($b);
   -mbereg_search_getregs();
   +mb_ereg_search_getregs();

Rule sets
---------

The rule is part of the following rule sets:

- `@PHP7x4Migration:risky <./../../ruleSets/PHP7x4MigrationRisky.rst>`_
- `@PHP8x0Migration:risky <./../../ruleSets/PHP8x0MigrationRisky.rst>`_ with config:

  ``['sets' => ['@all']]``

- `@PHP8x2Migration:risky <./../../ruleSets/PHP8x2MigrationRisky.rst>`_ with config:

  ``['sets' => ['@all']]``

- `@PHP74Migration:risky <./../../ruleSets/PHP74MigrationRisky.rst>`_ *(deprecated)*
- `@PHP80Migration:risky <./../../ruleSets/PHP80MigrationRisky.rst>`_ *(deprecated)* with config:

  ``['sets' => ['@all']]``

- `@PHP82Migration:risky <./../../ruleSets/PHP82MigrationRisky.rst>`_ *(deprecated)* with config:

  ``['sets' => ['@all']]``

- `@PhpCsFixer:risky <./../../ruleSets/PhpCsFixerRisky.rst>`_ with config:

  ``['sets' => ['@all']]``

- `@Symfony:risky <./../../ruleSets/SymfonyRisky.rst>`_

References
----------

- Fixer class: `PhpCsFixer\\Fixer\\Alias\\NoAliasFunctionsFixer <./../../../src/Fixer/Alias/NoAliasFunctionsFixer.php>`_
- Test class: `PhpCsFixer\\Tests\\Fixer\\Alias\\NoAliasFunctionsFixerTest <./../../../tests/Fixer/Alias/NoAliasFunctionsFixerTest.php>`_

The test class defines officially supported behaviour. Each test case is a part of our backward compatibility promise.

Commit message:

feat: always have `@PHPXxYMigration(:risky)` sets for supported PHP versions (#9207)

doc/rules/alias/no_alias_functions.rst, after:

===========================
Rule ``no_alias_functions``
===========================

Master functions shall be used instead of aliases.

Warning
-------

Using this rule is risky
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Risky when any of the alias functions are overridden.

Configuration
-------------

``sets``
~~~~~~~~

List of sets to fix. Defined sets are:

* ``@all`` (all listed sets);
* ``@internal`` (native functions);
* ``@exif`` (EXIF functions);
* ``@ftp`` (FTP functions);
* ``@IMAP`` (IMAP functions);
* ``@ldap`` (LDAP functions);
* ``@mbreg`` (from ``ext-mbstring``);
* ``@mysqli`` (mysqli functions);
* ``@oci`` (oci functions);
* ``@odbc`` (odbc functions);
* ``@openssl`` (openssl functions);
* ``@pcntl`` (PCNTL functions);
* ``@pg`` (pg functions);
* ``@posix`` (POSIX functions);
* ``@snmp`` (SNMP functions);
* ``@sodium`` (libsodium functions);
* ``@time`` (time functions).

Allowed values: a subset of ``['@all', '@exif', '@ftp', '@IMAP', '@internal', '@ldap', '@mbreg', '@mysqli', '@oci', '@odbc', '@openssl', '@pcntl', '@pg', '@posix', '@snmp', '@sodium', '@time']``

Default value: ``['@internal', '@IMAP', '@pg']``

Examples
--------

Example #1
~~~~~~~~~~

*Default* configuration.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
   -$a = chop($b);
   -close($b);
   -$a = doubleval($b);
   -$a = fputs($b, $c);
   -$a = get_required_files();
   -ini_alter($b, $c);
   -$a = is_double($b);
   -$a = is_integer($b);
   -$a = is_long($b);
   -$a = is_real($b);
   -$a = is_writeable($b);
   -$a = join($glue, $pieces);
   -$a = key_exists($key, $array);
   -magic_quotes_runtime($new_setting);
   -$a = pos($array);
   -$a = show_source($filename, true);
   -$a = sizeof($b);
   -$a = strchr($haystack, $needle);
   -$a = imap_header($imap_stream, 1);
   -user_error($message);
   +$a = rtrim($b);
   +closedir($b);
   +$a = floatval($b);
   +$a = fwrite($b, $c);
   +$a = get_included_files();
   +ini_set($b, $c);
   +$a = is_float($b);
   +$a = is_int($b);
   +$a = is_int($b);
   +$a = is_float($b);
   +$a = is_writable($b);
   +$a = implode($glue, $pieces);
   +$a = array_key_exists($key, $array);
   +set_magic_quotes_runtime($new_setting);
   +$a = current($array);
   +$a = highlight_file($filename, true);
   +$a = count($b);
   +$a = strstr($haystack, $needle);
   +$a = imap_headerinfo($imap_stream, 1);
   +trigger_error($message);
    mbereg_search_getregs();

Example #2
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['sets' => ['@mbreg']]``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
    $a = is_double($b);
   -mbereg_search_getregs();
   +mb_ereg_search_getregs();

Rule sets
---------

The rule is part of the following rule sets:

- `@PHP7x4Migration:risky <./../../ruleSets/PHP7x4MigrationRisky.rst>`_
- `@PHP8x0Migration:risky <./../../ruleSets/PHP8x0MigrationRisky.rst>`_ with config:

  ``['sets' => ['@all']]``

- `@PHP8x1Migration:risky <./../../ruleSets/PHP8x1MigrationRisky.rst>`_ with config:

  ``['sets' => ['@all']]``

- `@PHP8x2Migration:risky <./../../ruleSets/PHP8x2MigrationRisky.rst>`_ with config:

  ``['sets' => ['@all']]``

- `@PHP8x3Migration:risky <./../../ruleSets/PHP8x3MigrationRisky.rst>`_ with config:

  ``['sets' => ['@all']]``

- `@PHP8x4Migration:risky <./../../ruleSets/PHP8x4MigrationRisky.rst>`_ with config:

  ``['sets' => ['@all']]``

- `@PHP8x5Migration:risky <./../../ruleSets/PHP8x5MigrationRisky.rst>`_ with config:

  ``['sets' => ['@all']]``

- `@PHP74Migration:risky <./../../ruleSets/PHP74MigrationRisky.rst>`_ *(deprecated)*
- `@PHP80Migration:risky <./../../ruleSets/PHP80MigrationRisky.rst>`_ *(deprecated)* with config:

  ``['sets' => ['@all']]``

- `@PHP82Migration:risky <./../../ruleSets/PHP82MigrationRisky.rst>`_ *(deprecated)* with config:

  ``['sets' => ['@all']]``

- `@PhpCsFixer:risky <./../../ruleSets/PhpCsFixerRisky.rst>`_ with config:

  ``['sets' => ['@all']]``

- `@Symfony:risky <./../../ruleSets/SymfonyRisky.rst>`_

References
----------

- Fixer class: `PhpCsFixer\\Fixer\\Alias\\NoAliasFunctionsFixer <./../../../src/Fixer/Alias/NoAliasFunctionsFixer.php>`_
- Test class: `PhpCsFixer\\Tests\\Fixer\\Alias\\NoAliasFunctionsFixerTest <./../../../tests/Fixer/Alias/NoAliasFunctionsFixerTest.php>`_

The test class defines officially supported behaviour. Each test case is a part of our backward compatibility promise.
