doc/rules/alias/no_mixed_echo_print.rst, before:

============================
Rule ``no_mixed_echo_print``
============================

Either language construct ``print`` or ``echo`` should be used.

Configuration
-------------

``use``
~~~~~~~

The desired language construct.

Allowed values: ``'echo'`` and ``'print'``

Default value: ``'echo'``

Examples
--------

Example #1
~~~~~~~~~~

*Default* configuration.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
   -<?php print 'example';
   +<?php echo 'example';

Example #2
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['use' => 'print']``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
   -<?php echo('example');
   +<?php print('example');

Rule sets
---------

The rule is part of the following rule sets:

- `@PhpCsFixer <./../../ruleSets/PhpCsFixer.rst>`_
- `@Symfony <./../../ruleSets/Symfony.rst>`_

References
----------

- Fixer class: `PhpCsFixer\\Fixer\\Alias\\NoMixedEchoPrintFixer <./../../../src/Fixer/Alias/NoMixedEchoPrintFixer.php>`_
- Test class: `PhpCsFixer\\Tests\\Fixer\\Alias\\NoMixedEchoPrintFixerTest <./../../../tests/Fixer/Alias/NoMixedEchoPrintFixerTest.php>`_

The test class defines officially supported behaviour. Each test case is a part of our backward compatibility promise.

Commit message:

docs: unify rule/ruleset doc tags (#9250)

doc/rules/alias/no_mixed_echo_print.rst, after:

============================
Rule ``no_mixed_echo_print``
============================

Either language construct ``print`` or ``echo`` should be used.

Warning
-------

This rule is CONFIGURABLE
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can configure this rule using the following option: ``use``.

Configuration
-------------

``use``
~~~~~~~

The desired language construct.

Allowed values: ``'echo'`` and ``'print'``

Default value: ``'echo'``

Examples
--------

Example #1
~~~~~~~~~~

*Default* configuration.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
   -<?php print 'example';
   +<?php echo 'example';

Example #2
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['use' => 'print']``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
   -<?php echo('example');
   +<?php print('example');

Rule sets
---------

The rule is part of the following rule sets:

- `@PhpCsFixer <./../../ruleSets/PhpCsFixer.rst>`_
- `@Symfony <./../../ruleSets/Symfony.rst>`_

References
----------

- Fixer class: `PhpCsFixer\\Fixer\\Alias\\NoMixedEchoPrintFixer <./../../../src/Fixer/Alias/NoMixedEchoPrintFixer.php>`_
- Test class: `PhpCsFixer\\Tests\\Fixer\\Alias\\NoMixedEchoPrintFixerTest <./../../../tests/Fixer/Alias/NoMixedEchoPrintFixerTest.php>`_

The test class defines officially supported behaviour. Each test case is a part of our backward compatibility promise.
