doc/rules/function_notation/multiline_promoted_properties.rst, before:

======================================
Rule ``multiline_promoted_properties``
======================================

Promoted properties must be on separate lines.

Configuration
-------------

``keep_blank_lines``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Whether to keep blank lines between properties.

Allowed types: ``bool``

Default value: ``false``

``minimum_number_of_parameters``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Minimum number of parameters in the constructor to fix.

Allowed types: ``int``

Default value: ``1``

Examples
--------

Example #1
~~~~~~~~~~

*Default* configuration.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
    class Foo {
   -    public function __construct(private array $a, private bool $b, private int $i) {}
   +    public function __construct(
   +        private array $a,
   +        private bool $b,
   +        private int $i
   +    ) {}
    }

Example #2
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['minimum_number_of_parameters' => 3]``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
    class Foo {
   -    public function __construct(private array $a, private bool $b, private int $i) {}
   +    public function __construct(
   +        private array $a,
   +        private bool $b,
   +        private int $i
   +    ) {}
    }
    class Bar {
        public function __construct(private array $x) {}
    }

References
----------

- Fixer class: `PhpCsFixer\\Fixer\\FunctionNotation\\MultilinePromotedPropertiesFixer <./../../../src/Fixer/FunctionNotation/MultilinePromotedPropertiesFixer.php>`_
- Test class: `PhpCsFixer\\Tests\\Fixer\\FunctionNotation\\MultilinePromotedPropertiesFixerTest <./../../../tests/Fixer/FunctionNotation/MultilinePromotedPropertiesFixerTest.php>`_

The test class defines officially supported behaviour. Each test case is a part of our backward compatibility promise.

Commit message:

docs: unify rule/ruleset doc tags (#9250)

doc/rules/function_notation/multiline_promoted_properties.rst, after:

======================================
Rule ``multiline_promoted_properties``
======================================

Promoted properties must be on separate lines.

Warnings
--------

This rule is EXPERIMENTAL
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Rule is not covered with backward compatibility promise and may produce unstable
or unexpected results, use it at your own risk. Rule's behaviour may be changed
at any point, including rule's name; its options' names, availability and
allowed values; its default configuration. Rule may be even removed without
prior notice. Feel free to provide feedback and help with determining final
state of the rule.

This rule is CONFIGURABLE
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can configure this rule using the following options: ``keep_blank_lines``,
``minimum_number_of_parameters``.

Configuration
-------------

``keep_blank_lines``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Whether to keep blank lines between properties.

Allowed types: ``bool``

Default value: ``false``

``minimum_number_of_parameters``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Minimum number of parameters in the constructor to fix.

Allowed types: ``int``

Default value: ``1``

Examples
--------

Example #1
~~~~~~~~~~

*Default* configuration.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
    class Foo {
   -    public function __construct(private array $a, private bool $b, private int $i) {}
   +    public function __construct(
   +        private array $a,
   +        private bool $b,
   +        private int $i
   +    ) {}
    }

Example #2
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['minimum_number_of_parameters' => 3]``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
    class Foo {
   -    public function __construct(private array $a, private bool $b, private int $i) {}
   +    public function __construct(
   +        private array $a,
   +        private bool $b,
   +        private int $i
   +    ) {}
    }
    class Bar {
        public function __construct(private array $x) {}
    }

References
----------

- Fixer class: `PhpCsFixer\\Fixer\\FunctionNotation\\MultilinePromotedPropertiesFixer <./../../../src/Fixer/FunctionNotation/MultilinePromotedPropertiesFixer.php>`_
- Test class: `PhpCsFixer\\Tests\\Fixer\\FunctionNotation\\MultilinePromotedPropertiesFixerTest <./../../../tests/Fixer/FunctionNotation/MultilinePromotedPropertiesFixerTest.php>`_

The test class defines officially supported behaviour. Each test case is a part of our backward compatibility promise.
