doc/rules/function_notation/return_type_declaration.rst, before:

================================
Rule ``return_type_declaration``
================================

Adjust spacing around colon in return type declarations and backed enum types.

Configuration
-------------

``space_before``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Spacing to apply before colon.

Allowed values: ``'none'`` and ``'one'``

Default value: ``'none'``

Examples
--------

Example #1
~~~~~~~~~~

*Default* configuration.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
   -function foo(int $a):string {};
   +function foo(int $a): string {};

Example #2
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['space_before' => 'none']``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
   -function foo(int $a):string {};
   +function foo(int $a): string {};

Example #3
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['space_before' => 'one']``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
   -function foo(int $a):string {};
   +function foo(int $a) : string {};

Rule sets
---------

The rule is part of the following rule sets:

- `@PER <./../../ruleSets/PER.rst>`_ *(deprecated)*
- `@PER-CS <./../../ruleSets/PER-CS.rst>`_
- `@PER-CS1.0 <./../../ruleSets/PER-CS1.0.rst>`_ *(deprecated)*
- `@PER-CS1x0 <./../../ruleSets/PER-CS1x0.rst>`_
- `@PER-CS2.0 <./../../ruleSets/PER-CS2.0.rst>`_ *(deprecated)*
- `@PER-CS2x0 <./../../ruleSets/PER-CS2x0.rst>`_
- `@PER-CS3.0 <./../../ruleSets/PER-CS3.0.rst>`_ *(deprecated)*
- `@PER-CS3x0 <./../../ruleSets/PER-CS3x0.rst>`_
- `@PSR12 <./../../ruleSets/PSR12.rst>`_
- `@PhpCsFixer <./../../ruleSets/PhpCsFixer.rst>`_
- `@Symfony <./../../ruleSets/Symfony.rst>`_

References
----------

- Fixer class: `PhpCsFixer\\Fixer\\FunctionNotation\\ReturnTypeDeclarationFixer <./../../../src/Fixer/FunctionNotation/ReturnTypeDeclarationFixer.php>`_
- Test class: `PhpCsFixer\\Tests\\Fixer\\FunctionNotation\\ReturnTypeDeclarationFixerTest <./../../../tests/Fixer/FunctionNotation/ReturnTypeDeclarationFixerTest.php>`_

The test class defines officially supported behaviour. Each test case is a part of our backward compatibility promise.

Commit message:

docs: unify rule/ruleset doc tags (#9250)

doc/rules/function_notation/return_type_declaration.rst, after:

================================
Rule ``return_type_declaration``
================================

Adjust spacing around colon in return type declarations and backed enum types.

Warning
-------

This rule is CONFIGURABLE
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can configure this rule using the following option: ``space_before``.

Configuration
-------------

``space_before``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Spacing to apply before colon.

Allowed values: ``'none'`` and ``'one'``

Default value: ``'none'``

Examples
--------

Example #1
~~~~~~~~~~

*Default* configuration.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
   -function foo(int $a):string {};
   +function foo(int $a): string {};

Example #2
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['space_before' => 'none']``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
   -function foo(int $a):string {};
   +function foo(int $a): string {};

Example #3
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['space_before' => 'one']``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
   -function foo(int $a):string {};
   +function foo(int $a) : string {};

Rule sets
---------

The rule is part of the following rule sets:

- `@PER <./../../ruleSets/PER.rst>`_ *(deprecated)*
- `@PER-CS <./../../ruleSets/PER-CS.rst>`_
- `@PER-CS1.0 <./../../ruleSets/PER-CS1.0.rst>`_ *(deprecated)*
- `@PER-CS1x0 <./../../ruleSets/PER-CS1x0.rst>`_
- `@PER-CS2.0 <./../../ruleSets/PER-CS2.0.rst>`_ *(deprecated)*
- `@PER-CS2x0 <./../../ruleSets/PER-CS2x0.rst>`_
- `@PER-CS3.0 <./../../ruleSets/PER-CS3.0.rst>`_ *(deprecated)*
- `@PER-CS3x0 <./../../ruleSets/PER-CS3x0.rst>`_
- `@PSR12 <./../../ruleSets/PSR12.rst>`_
- `@PhpCsFixer <./../../ruleSets/PhpCsFixer.rst>`_
- `@Symfony <./../../ruleSets/Symfony.rst>`_

References
----------

- Fixer class: `PhpCsFixer\\Fixer\\FunctionNotation\\ReturnTypeDeclarationFixer <./../../../src/Fixer/FunctionNotation/ReturnTypeDeclarationFixer.php>`_
- Test class: `PhpCsFixer\\Tests\\Fixer\\FunctionNotation\\ReturnTypeDeclarationFixerTest <./../../../tests/Fixer/FunctionNotation/ReturnTypeDeclarationFixerTest.php>`_

The test class defines officially supported behaviour. Each test case is a part of our backward compatibility promise.
