doc/rules/comment/header_comment.rst, before:

=======================
Rule ``header_comment``
=======================

Add, replace or remove header comment.

Configuration
-------------

``comment_type``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Comment syntax type.

Allowed values: ``'comment'`` and ``'PHPDoc'``

Default value: ``'comment'``

``header``
~~~~~~~~~~

Proper header content.

Allowed types: ``string``

This option is required.

``location``
~~~~~~~~~~~~

The location of the inserted header.

Allowed values: ``'after_declare_strict'`` and ``'after_open'``

Default value: ``'after_declare_strict'``

``separate``
~~~~~~~~~~~~

Whether the header should be separated from the file content with a new line.

Allowed values: ``'both'``, ``'bottom'``, ``'none'`` and ``'top'``

Default value: ``'both'``

``validator``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

RegEx validator for header content.

Allowed types: ``string`` and ``null``

Default value: ``null``

Examples
--------

Example #1
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['header' => 'Made with love.']``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
    declare(strict_types=1);

   +/*
   + * Made with love.
   + */
   +
    namespace A\B;

    echo 1;

Example #2
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['header' => 'Made with love.', 'comment_type' => 'PHPDoc', 'location' => 'after_open', 'separate' => 'bottom']``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
   +/**
   + * Made with love.
   + */
   +
    declare(strict_types=1);

    namespace A\B;

    echo 1;

Example #3
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['header' => 'Made with love.', 'comment_type' => 'comment', 'location' => 'after_declare_strict']``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
    declare(strict_types=1);

   +/*
   + * Made with love.
   + */
   +
    namespace A\B;

    echo 1;

Example #4
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['header' => 'Made with love.', 'validator' => '/Made with love(?P<EXTRA>.*)??/s', 'comment_type' => 'comment', 'location' => 'after_declare_strict']``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
    declare(strict_types=1);
   +
    /*
     * Made with love.
     *
     * Extra content.
     */
   +
    namespace A\B;

    echo 1;

Example #5
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['header' => '']``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
    declare(strict_types=1);

   -/*
   - * Comment is not wanted here.
   - */
   -
    namespace A\B;

    echo 1;

References
----------

- Fixer class: `PhpCsFixer\\Fixer\\Comment\\HeaderCommentFixer <./../../../src/Fixer/Comment/HeaderCommentFixer.php>`_
- Test class: `PhpCsFixer\\Tests\\Fixer\\Comment\\HeaderCommentFixerTest <./../../../tests/Fixer/Comment/HeaderCommentFixerTest.php>`_

The test class defines officially supported behaviour. Each test case is a part of our backward compatibility promise.

Commit message:

docs: unify rule/ruleset doc tags (#9250)

doc/rules/comment/header_comment.rst, after:

=======================
Rule ``header_comment``
=======================

Add, replace or remove header comment.

Warning
-------

This rule is CONFIGURABLE
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can configure this rule using the following options: ``comment_type``,
``header``, ``location``, ``separate``, ``validator``.

Configuration
-------------

``comment_type``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Comment syntax type.

Allowed values: ``'comment'`` and ``'PHPDoc'``

Default value: ``'comment'``

``header``
~~~~~~~~~~

Proper header content.

Allowed types: ``string``

This option is required.

``location``
~~~~~~~~~~~~

The location of the inserted header.

Allowed values: ``'after_declare_strict'`` and ``'after_open'``

Default value: ``'after_declare_strict'``

``separate``
~~~~~~~~~~~~

Whether the header should be separated from the file content with a new line.

Allowed values: ``'both'``, ``'bottom'``, ``'none'`` and ``'top'``

Default value: ``'both'``

``validator``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

RegEx validator for header content.

Allowed types: ``string`` and ``null``

Default value: ``null``

Examples
--------

Example #1
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['header' => 'Made with love.']``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
    declare(strict_types=1);

   +/*
   + * Made with love.
   + */
   +
    namespace A\B;

    echo 1;

Example #2
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['header' => 'Made with love.', 'comment_type' => 'PHPDoc', 'location' => 'after_open', 'separate' => 'bottom']``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
   +/**
   + * Made with love.
   + */
   +
    declare(strict_types=1);

    namespace A\B;

    echo 1;

Example #3
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['header' => 'Made with love.', 'comment_type' => 'comment', 'location' => 'after_declare_strict']``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
    declare(strict_types=1);

   +/*
   + * Made with love.
   + */
   +
    namespace A\B;

    echo 1;

Example #4
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['header' => 'Made with love.', 'validator' => '/Made with love(?P<EXTRA>.*)??/s', 'comment_type' => 'comment', 'location' => 'after_declare_strict']``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
    declare(strict_types=1);
   +
    /*
     * Made with love.
     *
     * Extra content.
     */
   +
    namespace A\B;

    echo 1;

Example #5
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['header' => '']``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
    declare(strict_types=1);

   -/*
   - * Comment is not wanted here.
   - */
   -
    namespace A\B;

    echo 1;

References
----------

- Fixer class: `PhpCsFixer\\Fixer\\Comment\\HeaderCommentFixer <./../../../src/Fixer/Comment/HeaderCommentFixer.php>`_
- Test class: `PhpCsFixer\\Tests\\Fixer\\Comment\\HeaderCommentFixerTest <./../../../tests/Fixer/Comment/HeaderCommentFixerTest.php>`_

The test class defines officially supported behaviour. Each test case is a part of our backward compatibility promise.
