doc/rules/comment/single_line_comment_style.rst, before:

==================================
Rule ``single_line_comment_style``
==================================

Single-line comments and multi-line comments with only one line of actual
content should use the ``//`` syntax.

Configuration
-------------

``comment_types``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

List of comment types to fix.

Allowed values: a subset of ``['asterisk', 'hash']``

Default value: ``['asterisk', 'hash']``

Examples
--------

Example #1
~~~~~~~~~~

*Default* configuration.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
   -/* asterisk comment */
   +// asterisk comment
    $a = 1;

   -# hash comment
   +// hash comment
    $b = 2;

    /*
     * multi-line
     * comment
     */
    $c = 3;

Example #2
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['comment_types' => ['asterisk']]``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
   -/* first comment */
   +// first comment
    $a = 1;

   -/*
   - * second comment
   - */
   +// second comment
    $b = 2;

    /*
     * third
     * comment
     */
    $c = 3;

Example #3
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['comment_types' => ['hash']]``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
   -<?php # comment
   +<?php // comment

Rule sets
---------

The rule is part of the following rule sets:

- `@PhpCsFixer <./../../ruleSets/PhpCsFixer.rst>`_
- `@Symfony <./../../ruleSets/Symfony.rst>`_ with config:

  ``['comment_types' => ['hash']]``

References
----------

- Fixer class: `PhpCsFixer\\Fixer\\Comment\\SingleLineCommentStyleFixer <./../../../src/Fixer/Comment/SingleLineCommentStyleFixer.php>`_
- Test class: `PhpCsFixer\\Tests\\Fixer\\Comment\\SingleLineCommentStyleFixerTest <./../../../tests/Fixer/Comment/SingleLineCommentStyleFixerTest.php>`_

The test class defines officially supported behaviour. Each test case is a part of our backward compatibility promise.

Commit message:

docs: unify rule/ruleset doc tags (#9250)

doc/rules/comment/single_line_comment_style.rst, after:

==================================
Rule ``single_line_comment_style``
==================================

Single-line comments and multi-line comments with only one line of actual
content should use the ``//`` syntax.

Warning
-------

This rule is CONFIGURABLE
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can configure this rule using the following option: ``comment_types``.

Configuration
-------------

``comment_types``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

List of comment types to fix.

Allowed values: a subset of ``['asterisk', 'hash']``

Default value: ``['asterisk', 'hash']``

Examples
--------

Example #1
~~~~~~~~~~

*Default* configuration.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
   -/* asterisk comment */
   +// asterisk comment
    $a = 1;

   -# hash comment
   +// hash comment
    $b = 2;

    /*
     * multi-line
     * comment
     */
    $c = 3;

Example #2
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['comment_types' => ['asterisk']]``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
   -/* first comment */
   +// first comment
    $a = 1;

   -/*
   - * second comment
   - */
   +// second comment
    $b = 2;

    /*
     * third
     * comment
     */
    $c = 3;

Example #3
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['comment_types' => ['hash']]``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
   -<?php # comment
   +<?php // comment

Rule sets
---------

The rule is part of the following rule sets:

- `@PhpCsFixer <./../../ruleSets/PhpCsFixer.rst>`_
- `@Symfony <./../../ruleSets/Symfony.rst>`_ with config:

  ``['comment_types' => ['hash']]``

References
----------

- Fixer class: `PhpCsFixer\\Fixer\\Comment\\SingleLineCommentStyleFixer <./../../../src/Fixer/Comment/SingleLineCommentStyleFixer.php>`_
- Test class: `PhpCsFixer\\Tests\\Fixer\\Comment\\SingleLineCommentStyleFixerTest <./../../../tests/Fixer/Comment/SingleLineCommentStyleFixerTest.php>`_

The test class defines officially supported behaviour. Each test case is a part of our backward compatibility promise.
