doc/rules/control_structure/empty_loop_condition.rst, before:

=============================
Rule ``empty_loop_condition``
=============================

Empty loop-condition must be in configured style.

Configuration
-------------

``style``
~~~~~~~~~

Style of empty loop-condition.

Allowed values: ``'for'`` and ``'while'``

Default value: ``'while'``

Examples
--------

Example #1
~~~~~~~~~~

*Default* configuration.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
   -for(;;) {
   +while (true) {
        foo();
    }

   -do {
   +while (true) {
        foo();
   -} while(true); // do while
   +}  // do while

Example #2
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['style' => 'for']``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
   -while(true) {
   +for(;;) {
        foo();
    }

Rule sets
---------

The rule is part of the following rule sets:

- `@PhpCsFixer <./../../ruleSets/PhpCsFixer.rst>`_
- `@Symfony <./../../ruleSets/Symfony.rst>`_

References
----------

- Fixer class: `PhpCsFixer\\Fixer\\ControlStructure\\EmptyLoopConditionFixer <./../../../src/Fixer/ControlStructure/EmptyLoopConditionFixer.php>`_
- Test class: `PhpCsFixer\\Tests\\Fixer\\ControlStructure\\EmptyLoopConditionFixerTest <./../../../tests/Fixer/ControlStructure/EmptyLoopConditionFixerTest.php>`_

The test class defines officially supported behaviour. Each test case is a part of our backward compatibility promise.

Commit message:

docs: unify rule/ruleset doc tags (#9250)

doc/rules/control_structure/empty_loop_condition.rst, after:

=============================
Rule ``empty_loop_condition``
=============================

Empty loop-condition must be in configured style.

Warning
-------

This rule is CONFIGURABLE
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can configure this rule using the following option: ``style``.

Configuration
-------------

``style``
~~~~~~~~~

Style of empty loop-condition.

Allowed values: ``'for'`` and ``'while'``

Default value: ``'while'``

Examples
--------

Example #1
~~~~~~~~~~

*Default* configuration.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
   -for(;;) {
   +while (true) {
        foo();
    }

   -do {
   +while (true) {
        foo();
   -} while(true); // do while
   +}  // do while

Example #2
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['style' => 'for']``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
   -while(true) {
   +for(;;) {
        foo();
    }

Rule sets
---------

The rule is part of the following rule sets:

- `@PhpCsFixer <./../../ruleSets/PhpCsFixer.rst>`_
- `@Symfony <./../../ruleSets/Symfony.rst>`_

References
----------

- Fixer class: `PhpCsFixer\\Fixer\\ControlStructure\\EmptyLoopConditionFixer <./../../../src/Fixer/ControlStructure/EmptyLoopConditionFixer.php>`_
- Test class: `PhpCsFixer\\Tests\\Fixer\\ControlStructure\\EmptyLoopConditionFixerTest <./../../../tests/Fixer/ControlStructure/EmptyLoopConditionFixerTest.php>`_

The test class defines officially supported behaviour. Each test case is a part of our backward compatibility promise.
