doc/rules/array_notation/whitespace_after_comma_in_array.rst, before:

========================================
Rule ``whitespace_after_comma_in_array``
========================================

In array declaration, there MUST be a whitespace after each comma.

Configuration
-------------

``ensure_single_space``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If there are only horizontal whitespaces after the comma then ensure it is a
single space.

Allowed types: ``bool``

Default value: ``false``

Examples
--------

Example #1
~~~~~~~~~~

*Default* configuration.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
   -$sample = array(1,'a',$b,);
   +$sample = array(1, 'a', $b, );

Example #2
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['ensure_single_space' => true]``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
   -$sample = [1,2, 3,  4,    5];
   +$sample = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5];

Rule sets
---------

The rule is part of the following rule sets:

- `@PhpCsFixer <./../../ruleSets/PhpCsFixer.rst>`_ with config:

  ``['ensure_single_space' => true]``

- `@Symfony <./../../ruleSets/Symfony.rst>`_

References
----------

- Fixer class: `PhpCsFixer\\Fixer\\ArrayNotation\\WhitespaceAfterCommaInArrayFixer <./../../../src/Fixer/ArrayNotation/WhitespaceAfterCommaInArrayFixer.php>`_
- Test class: `PhpCsFixer\\Tests\\Fixer\\ArrayNotation\\WhitespaceAfterCommaInArrayFixerTest <./../../../tests/Fixer/ArrayNotation/WhitespaceAfterCommaInArrayFixerTest.php>`_

The test class defines officially supported behaviour. Each test case is a part of our backward compatibility promise.

Commit message:

docs: unify rule/ruleset doc tags (#9250)

doc/rules/array_notation/whitespace_after_comma_in_array.rst, after:

========================================
Rule ``whitespace_after_comma_in_array``
========================================

In array declaration, there MUST be a whitespace after each comma.

Warning
-------

This rule is CONFIGURABLE
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can configure this rule using the following option: ``ensure_single_space``.

Configuration
-------------

``ensure_single_space``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If there are only horizontal whitespaces after the comma then ensure it is a
single space.

Allowed types: ``bool``

Default value: ``false``

Examples
--------

Example #1
~~~~~~~~~~

*Default* configuration.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
   -$sample = array(1,'a',$b,);
   +$sample = array(1, 'a', $b, );

Example #2
~~~~~~~~~~

With configuration: ``['ensure_single_space' => true]``.

.. code-block:: diff

   --- Original
   +++ New
    <?php
   -$sample = [1,2, 3,  4,    5];
   +$sample = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5];

Rule sets
---------

The rule is part of the following rule sets:

- `@PhpCsFixer <./../../ruleSets/PhpCsFixer.rst>`_ with config:

  ``['ensure_single_space' => true]``

- `@Symfony <./../../ruleSets/Symfony.rst>`_

References
----------

- Fixer class: `PhpCsFixer\\Fixer\\ArrayNotation\\WhitespaceAfterCommaInArrayFixer <./../../../src/Fixer/ArrayNotation/WhitespaceAfterCommaInArrayFixer.php>`_
- Test class: `PhpCsFixer\\Tests\\Fixer\\ArrayNotation\\WhitespaceAfterCommaInArrayFixerTest <./../../../tests/Fixer/ArrayNotation/WhitespaceAfterCommaInArrayFixerTest.php>`_

The test class defines officially supported behaviour. Each test case is a part of our backward compatibility promise.
